Add section "Boot loader management and file structure" (#4422)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_ipxe-bootloaders.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="ref_ipxe-bootloaders_{context}"]
= iPXE / GRUB2 UEFI HTTP(S) boot loaders

This section describes HTTP-based boot methods such as *iPXE*, *iPXE chainloading* and *GRUB2 UEFI HTTP(S) Boot*, which use the {SmartProxy}’s HTTPBoot module to deliver bootloaders and installation files.

== Overview

{Project} also supports boot methods that use *HTTP* instead of the traditional *TFTP-based PXE* mechanism.

> These include *iPXE*, *iPXE chainloading* and *UEFI HTTP Boot*, both of which leverage the {SmartProxy}’s HTTPBoot module to deliver bootloaders and installation files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes HTTP-based boot methods such as *iPXE*, *iPXE chainloading* and *GRUB2 UEFI HTTP(S) Boot*, which use the {SmartProxy}’s HTTPBoot module to deliver bootloaders and installation files.

In addition to the *TFTP-based PXE* mechanism, {Project} supports boot methods that use *HTTP*.
Boot methods that use HTTP  include *iPXE*, *iPXE chainloading*, and *UEFI HTTP Boot*, both of which leverage the {SmartProxy}’s HTTPBoot module to deliver bootloaders and installation files.
```

This needs a bit more clarification, not sure how to align three items being referred to as "both". Will investigate more.
